Added link to country's flag image (#37)
ipinfo/ruby: README.md

##### Country Flag

`details.country_flag` will return `emoji` and `unicode` of a country's flag, as supplied by the `eu.json` file.

```ruby
country_flag = details.country_flag # {"emoji"=>"🇺🇸", "unicode"=>"U+1F1FA U+1F1F8"}
country_flag_emoji = details.country_flag['emoji'] # 🇺🇸
country_flag_unicode = details.country_flag['unicode'] # U+1F1FA U+1F1F8
```

##### Country Flag URL

> `details.country_flag_url` will return the link of a country's flag image, hosted by ipinfo.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`details.country_flag_url` will return a public link to the country's flag image as an SVG which can be used anywhere.
```
